{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Slide one:\

\b0 Basic introduction. Can say something like\'85\
\
Hi everyone, my name is Dan. Jon Joel and I have teamed up together in hopes of showing that visualizing large collections of internet archives, is indeed a possible idea. As we go through the presentation, I hope that the idea we propose, rather the solution, will be as clear to you as it is to us.\
\

\b Slide two:\

\b0 The basic idea of our presentation centers around internet archives. For those of you that do not know, the purpose of archiving websites is so that some particular user, can have the same experience of accessing a resource, as we did when we originally saw it. The purpose can further be extended to develop stories, relations and comparisons, to see how one resource evolved over time.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 While the archivists do a good job in capturing and storing data, there is a rather large emptiness in visually presenting them to the rest of the world. To some extent, as this is still an emerging field, the emptiness is well understood.\
\
Overall, the problem here then becomes that archivers and their audience, is unable to truly experience their collection. It is for those reasons, we are motivated to create a user driven, easy to use environment for collaborative sharing.\
\

\b Slide three:\

\b0 The dataset that we expect is a table. A simple key attribute of a URI (an archived resource) will contain categorical and quantitative values that our audience seeks to see. This includes attributes such as the person who performed the archive, which tags were associated with an archive over time, and the overall evolution that we managed to aggregate as a result of this. By using this table, we are able to not only order data, but eliminate clutter by providing additional filtering and concise focus, to really highlight the areas of interest.\
\

\b Slide four:\

\b0 When it comes to tasks, it is important that our solution is welcoming to both people becoming introduced to archiving and current field veterans. With that, we hope to allow features where anyone can lookup, browse, explore or locate an element in their dataset. From very specific needs, down to a general understanding. This data, hopefully, will allow the intended audience to identify and compare the different records, and possibly create stories. With them, over time, they can create summaries and understand the different patterns or characteristics that are emitted the most.\
\

\b Slide five:\

\b0 Here is our initial design, which we believe is a rather clear, and lightweight to use. While the current photo shows only 6 URI\'92s that the user can choose to further explore, it is certainly an open idea that we will experiment, towards finding the correct value of comfortable data understanding. On the right side, you can see the control panel. The purpose of this, is to give users more power than they are presented by default \'85. (Lead into next slide)\
\

\b Slide six:\

\b0 Some of the controls we propose, are filtering and categories. Filtering will take the current dataset presented, and show a specific set of data we manually choose. This can be based on user selection of resources, possibly the group they fall into (archived by particular people, archived at a particular time, etc) . Category on the other hand, will encompass data, independently of manual user interaction. This feature can aggregate data based on tags, URI-M\'92s by particular subdomain, or temporal attributes associated to the URI-M (Date of archive) (Note; different than the example I say about using a filter \'93archived at a particular time\'94, because here we are talking about when the URI-M was archived as opposed to when we started the archive.\
\

\b Slide seven:\

\b0 Here is a detailed view, either after making a controlled selection or by simply exploring the data without any particular set of characteristics. One the left, we can see the initial URI, and on the right, we can see each associated URI-M, and its look and feel over time. We can also see its html ink, and date of archive. Over time, space driven, we will consider adding tags, or possibly levels of similarity of tags, to even further drive the importance of resource evolution.\

\b \
Slide eight:\

\b0 For now, these are the tools we anticipate needing. Many of them, like Mink and WARCreate will help us create archives that we can use for testing, and sort of anticipating what our user will most likely present to us. We will also use the payback machine, a local instance and a remote instance, with an integrated version of PhantomJS/D3 to show thumbnails, and data associated to a resource as we parse the dataset.\
\

\b Slide nine:\

\b0 As our group is primarily online, but rather a really close team, majority of the tasks we aim in performing together. We all plan on coding, and testing the application, on different aspects. Ideally, we anticipate having each member work on their strongest part, such as: one person creating parsers to load the data. Another to create thumbnails and image captures of pages, and another integrating them into d3. Towards the end, John shall present as he is the only insert person, with options of others presenting if John is unable to come. \
\

\b Slide ten:\

\b0 We estimate that the project will take us 4-6 weeks to develop. Through continuous feedback, this estimation might vary significantly. However, towards the end, it is our goal to demo and test our application before the final presentation. Along with weekly feedback, we also plan to continue communication with the customer, to ensure the target we have in mind, is the same as theirs.\
\
That is about it to wrap up our application. If anyone has any questions, or unclear areas, I can certainly attempt to clarify.\
\
}